feat!: remove apps-config and add support for env types (#232)
paritytech/txwrapper-core: packages/txwrapper-registry/README.md

```

Have a look at the [examples](/packages/txwrapper-examples/README.md) to see how `getRegistry` is used in the whole lifecycle of a transaction, from generation to signing to broadcast.

## **Config**

> In order to instantiate a registry with your chains custom types you must pass in the path to your your own types bundle file. If you would like to generate a types bundle file and dont know how to, feel free to use this helper library we have create to generate these types. [generate-type-bundle](https://github.com/paritytech/generate-type-bundle).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to instantiate a registry with your chains custom types you must pass in the path to your own types bundle file. If you would like to generate a types bundle file and don't know how to, feel free to use this helper library we have created to generate these types. [generate-type-bundle](https://github.com/paritytech/generate-type-bundle).
```
